user: Eoin
raw_data: UCD_Data_20170623_1.xlsx
raw_data_location: ../../../Data/
input_file: vw_Incident_cleaned_28_7
output_file: vw_Incident_cleaned_28_7
file_location: ../../../Data/
iteration: Version00
notes: TestingVersion00
clean_Incident: y
clean_AuditHistory: n
clean_HoldActivity: n
clean_PackageTriageEntry: n
LinearRegression: y
ElasticNet: y
KernelRidge: n
RandomForestRegressor: y
MLPRegressor: n
GradientBoostingRegressor: n
xgboost: n
log_of_y: n
seed: 12345
histogram: n
resample: n
n_estimators: 10
n_samples: 1000
crossvalidation: 10
delete_ticketNumber: y
rerun_with_top_importances: n
top_k_features: 50
export_importances_csv: n
append_HoldDuration: y
append_AuditDuration: y
grid_search: n
grid_search_RMSE: n
last_4_BDays: n
Concurrent_open_cases: y
keep_created_resolved: n
minimum_data: n
Days_left_Month: n
Days_left_QTR: n
Seconds_left_Month: n
remove_outliers: n
save_parameters: y